Migrate links (#1809)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/apps/guide/apps-11-best-practices.mdx

### Streamline new user onboarding

> - If your app has a new user form, we recommend auto-filling input fields with data from the [stores](/docs/rest-management/store-information) endpoint, which contains much of the info you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your app has a new user form, we recommend auto-filling input fields with data from the [Store Information API](/docs/rest-management/store-information), which manages much of the info you need.
```
